Add ssh to build (#234)
compose-spec/compose-spec: build.md

  - GIT_COMMIT
```

### ssh

> `ssh` defines an SSH authentication that the image builder SHOULD use during image build (e.g., cloning private repository)

Reviewer: defines ~~an~~ SSH authentication**s**

  - GIT_COMMIT
```

### ssh

`ssh` defines SSH authentications that the image builder SHOULD use during image build (e.g., cloning private repository)

`ssh` property syntax can be either:
* `default` - let the builder connect to the ssh-agent.
* `ID=path` - a key/value definition of an ID and the associated path. Can be either a [PEM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy-Enhanced_Mail) file, or path to ssh-agent socket

Simple`default` sample
```yaml
build:
  context: .
  ssh: 

>     default   # mount the default ssh agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - default   # mount the default ssh agent  
```

or 
```
   [default]
```

  - GIT_COMMIT
```

### ssh

`ssh` defines an SSH authentication that the image builder SHOULD use during image build (e.g., cloning private repository)

`ssh` property syntax can be either:
* `default` - let the builder connect to the ssh-agent.

> * `ID=socket` - a key/value definition of an ID and the associated socket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ID=path` - a key/value definition of an ID and the associated path. Can be either a [PEM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy-Enhanced_Mail) file, or path to ssh-agent socket
```

> * `ssh` without any value which is a shortcut of the `default` configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `{}` (no value) which is a shortcut of the `default` configuration
```

Reviewer: I suggest we use `{}` for empty as being used in a few other places

Reviewer 2: How about using `true` instead? Seems clearer to me as a user but if `{}` is used in other places as well it might be more consistent.

`ssh` without any parameter
```yaml
build:
  context: .
  ssh:   # mount the default ssh agent
```

Simple`default` sample
```yaml
build:
  context: .
  ssh: default   # mount the default ssh agent
```

> Using a custom id `myproject` which will be use in the Dockerfile (i.e., `RUN --mount=type=ssh,id=myproject git clone ...`)

Reviewer: example uses buildkit extended syntax: https://github.com/moby/buildkit/blob/master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/syntax.md#run---mounttypessh
I'm fine we have implementation-specific examples, but should be noted as such.

I suggest compose.yaml example is followed by an example Dockerfile using buildkit syntax (with link) as an explicit implementation-specific illustration example.

  - GIT_COMMIT
```

### ssh

`ssh` defines an SSH authentication that the image builder SHOULD use during image build (e.g., cloning private repository)

`ssh` property syntax can be either:

> * `default` - let the builder connect to the ssh-agent.

Reviewer: `default` might not be a very obvious name, maybe make it more explicit as `ssh-agent`?

Reviewer 2: afaik `default` also has to be supplied to the `--ssh` flag of Docker.

Reviewer: indeed. We can define an alias then (as we do for `pull: ("always"|"missing"|"never")` for better compatibility with docker CLI

Reviewer: otherwise, I'm also fine we just use `default`, no strong opinion here

* `ID=path` - a key/value definition of an ID and the associated path. Can be either a [PEM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy-Enhanced_Mail) file, or path to ssh-agent socket

> * `{}` (no value) which is a shortcut of the `default` configuration

Reviewer: sounds a bit weird to me setting `ssh: {}` actually set a value, while - from a yaml point of view - we try to force `null` value, which should reset this field, and entirely omitting this field would have a distinct meaning.

Author: Removed 👍

  - GIT_COMMIT
```

### ssh

`ssh` defines SSH authentications that the image builder SHOULD use during image build (e.g., cloning private repository)

`ssh` property syntax can be either:
* `default` - let the builder connect to the ssh-agent.
* `ID=path` - a key/value definition of an ID and the associated path. Can be either a [PEM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy-Enhanced_Mail) file, or path to ssh-agent socket

> Simple`default` sample

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Simple `default` sample
```
typo

```yaml
build:
  context: .
  ssh: 
    - default   # mount the default ssh agent
```
or 
```yaml
build:
  context: .

>   ssh: [default]   # mount the default ssh agent

Reviewer 3: Should this be `["default"]`? I wouldn't expect that many readers would immediately get that this is an inline list with a single `default` string.

```

Using a custom id `myproject` with path to a local SSH key:
```yaml
build:
  context: .
  ssh: 
    - myproject=~/.ssh/myproject.pem
```
Image builder can then rely on this to mount SSH key during build.

> For illustration, [Buildkit extended syntax](https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/pull/234/%5Bmoby/buildkit@master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/syntax.md#run---mounttypessh%5D(https://github.com/moby/buildkit/blob/master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/syntax.md#run---mounttypessh)) can be used to mount ssh key set by ID and access a secured resource:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For illustration, [BuildKit extended syntax](https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/pull/234/%5Bmoby/buildkit@master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/syntax.md#run---mounttypessh%5D(https://github.com/moby/buildkit/blob/master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/syntax.md#run---mounttypessh)) can be used to mount ssh key set by ID and access a secured resource:
```
nit on casing, feel free to ignore
